# Inexor source folder

This directory contains the sources – and libraries - for
the Inexor core application written in C++.


See the [wiki](https://github.com/inexorgame/inexor-core/wiki/Build) 
for Build-Instructions.

## Tree

**client** – Build config for the client with
graphics and sound features.

**server** – Build config for the server. The client can act
as a server too, but this binary lacks the graphics and
sound features and has therefore no dependency on SDL,
OpenGL or X11.

**test** – Test cases for Inexor and the build config.

**util** – Utilities module: Small functions, little helpers
that fit nowhere else.

**rpc** – Implementation for the Inexor RPC server and the
protoc files that describes the RPC protocol. The build
config pulls Google Protobuf.

**shared** – Basically the Sauerbraten standard library.
Contains headers that include EVERYTHING, various data
structures RNG and a tiny crypto lib. Note that this is
heavily intertwined with the other legacy modules engine/
and fpsgame/.  
**LEGACY CODE: Use the standard library please; Patch, but
do not add new features here.**

**engine** – Various physics, graphics, Cubescript, Cube UI,
some engine related networking. Also contains the main
functions for the server and client. Note that this is
heavily intertwined with the other legacy modules shared/
and fpsgame/.  
**LEGACY CODE: Use the standard library please; Patch, but
do not add new features here.**

**fpsgame** – Sauerbraten game logic plus a few extensions.
Note that this is heavily intertwined with the other legacy
modules shared/ and fpsgame/.  
**LEGACY CODE: Use the standard library please; Patch, but
do not add new features here.**
